add metafab docs (#610)
PureStake/moonbeam-docs: builders/integrations/gaming/metafab.md

- [GO](https://docs.trymetafab.com/docs/go){target=_blank}
- [Java](https://docs.trymetafab.com/docs/java){target=_blank}
- [JavaScript](https://docs.trymetafab.com/docs/javascript){target=_blank}
- [PHP](https://docs.trymetafab.com/docs/php){target=_blank}
- [Python](https://docs.trymetafab.com/docs/python){target=_blank}
- [Rust](https://docs.trymetafab.com/docs/rust){target=_blank}
- [Swift](https://docs.trymetafab.com/docs/swift-ios){target=_blank}
- [TypeScript](https://docs.trymetafab.com/docs/typescript){target=_blank}

## MetaFab's Developer Dashboard {: #developer-dashboard }

![MetaFab's developer dashboard.](/images/builders/integrations/gaming/metafab/metafab-1.png)

The MetaFab Dashboard is a home base for a quick game overview, players, currencies, items, shops, loot boxes, contracts, and more. Intuitive management functionality, such as configuration and creation (plus more), is available; however, most opt to use their dashboard as a hub and work directly with the endpoints and code. [Create a dashboard and retrieve your developer keys](https://dashboard.trymetafab.com/auth/register){target=_blank}.

## Players & Wallets {: #players-wallets }

> Think of a player as an account controlled (self-custody) by the player and managed by the game. Each player account created through MetaFab gaslessly interacts with a game's currencies and smart contracts, of which can be [custom smart contracts](https://docs.trymetafab.com/docs/implementing-gasless-transactions){target=_blank}, on Moonbeam and any other supported chain by that game.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Think of a player as an account controlled (self-custody) by the player and managed by the game. Each player account created through MetaFab's gasless interactions with a game's currencies and smart contracts, of which can be [custom smart contracts](https://docs.trymetafab.com/docs/implementing-gasless-transactions){target=_blank}, on Moonbeam and any other supported chain by that game.
```

**External wallets**: MetaFab supports an industry-first system called approval delegation. Through a one-time external wallet connection, players can frictionlessly transact through that external wallet without ever needing to sign transactions, deal with wallet pop-ups and prompts, or share private keys.

> Handle external and managed wallets through a single logic set. MetaFab and games built on MetaFab never store private keys. Read more about [MetaFab’s security considerations](https://docs.trymetafab.com/docs/security){target=_blank}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MetaFab and games built on MetaFab never store private keys. Handle external and managed wallets through a single logic set. Read more about [MetaFab’s security considerations](https://docs.trymetafab.com/docs/security){target=_blank}.
```
